The Joe Rogan experience.
What is stopping particularly people from
the left,
including intellectuals from recognizing the differences
that there are differences in people that follow
the peaceful version of the religion,
and then people that follow the more radical version of the religion that
wants to convert people. Like what, what,
what is stopping them from recognizing that this is an issue because
it's, it's almost like an agreed upon
reluctance to discuss it,
to acknowledge it and to automatically classify any discussion as
Islamophobic. And I've seen this labeled this,
this label put on you, that you are Islamophobic. Yeah.
So the term Islamophobia is obviously very much a Western term.
It's an opportunity opportunistic term. Um,
the worst has gone woke and the, uh,
they feel, uh, uh,
an intense regrets for some of the things that were done by
the ancestors.
And so you have names like homophobia,
uh, sexism and so on.
And Islamophobia is,
I would say a term that is put right in there to explode to that situation.
It's, it's, uh, in my, the way I see it is it's an artificial term,
but let's set that aside and let's see why it is that
Western leaders go along with
the assertion. That Islam is a religion of peace. There's nothing to see here.
It's just a small group of people who have lost their way
and they would have been violent anyway. But in, in general,
Islam is a religion of peace. Number one, a lot of leaders,
contemporary Western leaders.
They don't know much about religion, even their own,
and they don't want to. I mean, you could find out,
you could be ignorant of something, pick up a few books and just find out.
I think number two,
there is a sense that because the west is a really powerful
way, it's matters economically powerful, more powerful than any Islamic country,
militarily, more powerful, diplomatically, more powerful.
It is almost that parent child relationship where
it is. We'll just let them come along. They'll grow up.
They'll come to our way of seeing
if they want to believe that Islam is a religion of peace. Let's,
let's say it's alone. Let's come up. Let's do along with them with some people.
I think that is the case.
And then along came ISIS and they saw that you couldn't do that.
And you are now dealing with people who truly believe.
And I think it was a matter of time before people in Washington and Berlin and
London and so on thought, wait a second. It's not only that they believe it.
It is in the Quran. It's in the Hadith. It's in the history of Islam.
We better do something about that.
That's when you start to see a shift in how
the confrontation or the clash of values is
approached. The latest example, if you let me,
is the president of France in France for the last
20, 30, 40 years, they were saying, there's nothing to see here.
Islam has evolved. It's just like Christianity.
It's either a religion of peace or it's irrelevant altogether.
All religions are going to go away. We are, we are,
we're now living in the post religion age
in 2021,
there is a law right now that has gone through the law house of France.
And it is being debated in the Senate where they're talking about,
if that law gets passed,
then Muslims who are accused of trying to
separate their communities from the rest of France along
religious lines are going to be stopped by that law.
There'll be normal homeschooling. They will be told, uh,
the values of the Republic prevail anywhere that
there's a clash between Islamic values and values of the Republic,
the values of the Republic prevail. And he is saying if that law passes,
that's all going to be enforced. Think about that.
How would they possibly enforce that?
I look, I'm just as curious as you are, right?
They've also banned had jobs on the beach too, right? Haven't they done that.
I get a mixed story about, is it the hijab or the burka? So it's an attack.
There are attires where you can take a scarf and cover your head.
I guess that's not a band anywhere. There's no debate about that.
But there's something about the thing that covers your face.
And there's been a lot of debates in Europe about that.
And part of the, some of the participants of that debate are saying,
we're not talking about religion here. It's all about security.
We need to see everybody's face.
So out the window.
Because of COVID because of COVID.
And there are other things that are out of the window because of COVID because
you just asked me,
how are they going to enforce those rules of stopping Muslims from
separating themselves from the rest of society,
through their associations, through their schools,
through everything that they do that make them say,
we don't want to have anything to do with France,
even though physically they're in France, right?
I think they're going to use some of the measures that they applied on some of
the laws that they applied during COVID.
They are going to assume powers that all of us thoughts,
a liberal society would be very careful with. And now they're not.
So I guess that's what they're going to apply.
There'll be breaking into people's homes, mosques, associations, whatever,
looking for Islamist materials of dour.
Dour means the proselytizing and, and,
and they will try and put a stop to that.
They'll try and police literally what goes into people's minds and comes out of
their mouth.
Wow, that seems very dangerous to.
Me. And COVID made it possible.
Catch new episodes of the Joe Rogan experience for free only on Spotify,
watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data costs. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the Jerry on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan.